that I do not express myself more to your people you
you come with 100 but I come conscious
of my powerful technique that I grant you 'is
powerful and always behave the bases
at the speed of a shovel and compare with
my with my that are a clear
show that your rapid pressure and
that your bars are pure fiction
/ look out if you're not going to get a
shot or nothing is your third strike something
fat as alcalá tell me how are you not going to
want to paint my desire the rap left without
home for leaving school and now lives
under my sole your entire race if you want
give you fat in approve me sounds without a doubt
I was speared by your arrows
huge son of a bitch mines in the
destructive tell my jokes and do not be
believe me ex-convict and if we are different
of a rapping instinct and your people that
from in the tevere rapper of 55
logically you are left out really not
you were the contender that is expected not
you talk to me about schools, if you were not
in battles for chelas where always
you stay out
for the moment write the letter that
describe against the note that endured
humiliations tell of suckling and
to be like a mental fan his only street
vice city and the only thing that focuses me
written in the morning to darken the
sky today I got up without wanting
imagine a consolation I am below the
I'm taking root, those in
changing earthquakes with their reeds in the
ground
identity and self-esteem or careers and
would give up to the eyes because what
recognize I do not know whether to tell them children
from mario de bitch but my rap leaves
clear all the things you want
then the electric chair measures my
Basque traits
we are a show what to see if saturating
your radio loads the neighborhood for my new ones
jobs for my salary you can lose the
head if the shadows to my husband I
lot 300 is again today
little by little the vice of everyone is gone
mortals as initials as keys
Monday excited his movement in the
so much you can think is that I pass it
and to be santa comes all year with
new instrumentals I'm so placed
of my mother science has the prize
nobel of god for that patience love of
three years tell me where you've been recording
for my fury making the tracks more
coveted in the year where my
millionaires putting your money in a
rung towards the strange failure nor so much
damage that caused cannibal neurons
going crazy
I am the pasture of bull bulls and
crushed and more like I can not advance
brother why I'm not direct to you let me
explain what you peel if you want
put on it goes through here not only
I have this mother stop came from the
best words posted so that
Delicate beer will enter into bouquets and nothing
I need to find myself in this
been for the expensive drinks and that
she misses me but she does not call him anymore
generation I am if you have 90's city
I have school is necessary in this
time that mouth and cut him to be transported
of transportation to the door of my portal
90 we transform the strength of my
reason shareholder of paris
I am the lakua drug trafficking neighborhood
cheap I would like to be in good street
caliph his minister friendship and happy he
active they smoke glasses pound
pigs your print goes from the xxi
I connecting which with each trivia
it will never be my living team
this guy I learned to the store was not for
telemarketing or online was the
that broke in the moment you want
originals between beethoven contracted
We will try to be friendly and without leaving
the violent dog himself arrive for
Seeing good loses is in the air
can be seen in the environment to certainly
does not understand what is technical and
you depend on selling yourself to the listeners
passive in your emptiness that comes from
suddenly what makes the difference
I can the expert people the business are
sequels iguanas streets schools streets
are the ones that promote this and partner
recurrent and incoherent critic
rotten hybrid there's a hangover from
teeth is good to see me making noise with
the fine style of sitting on your
toilet since hip hop is taken as
indigent potty I will not be of
luck you listen to the author heart because
when love I give you a verse that
pervert
the water will come out like in the casino then
the big nuts like discard in the
Pach and I have women and to the
better wines but I'm still poor
like all my clothes the thing is
hard do not tell me no animals and you're so
What are you thinking of stealing me up to the air?
me with my Welshman a way that does not dance
from children we dream of gaining respect in
the street and I do not think you're
useful and this single mothers with more
eggs that's bread jazz life is
cool
tell it before the same life of cancer or
to the neck on the rope on the
chair